Oh, don't worry about throwing it away.
He lived with us for free for so many days
Those things are the bottom room fee
To Jiang Yulin
He is your sister
You don't even care about your family
What about my sister?
People like him deserve to be trampled under my feet forever
What did you say?
You used to be able to cover the sky with one hand
Now.
You're just a bunch of bereaved bereaved families
What's so arrogant about dogs?
Do you want to live here?
Okay, so
You kneel down and beg me to kowtow to me
Maybe I'll be merciful and let you stay for two more days.
Do you really think
Do I have to leave a few of them behind when I go down?
I have given you many chances
You are still unrepentant
No matter how stubborn
All that awaits you is endless hell
Oh, I'm so scared.
Do you see the big-tailed wolf?
Hey, don't you have someone under you? You call it out
You call them all out
You're dying, your mouth is still so hard?
Here he comes.
We are the King of the West and the East
My only king Chu Tian
Zhinan Wangduancheng
See Young Master